Update the-security-token-service-is-not-available.md (#1669)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointServer/technical-reference/the-security-token-service-is-not-available.md

  
 **Summary:** The Security Token Service is not issuing tokens. 
  

>  **Cause:** The service could be malfunctioning or in a bad state, some assemblies are missing when you deploy the custom claims provider, or the STS certificate is expired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Cause:** The service could be malfunctioning or in a bad state, some assemblies are missing when you deploy the custom claims provider, or the STS certificate has expired. 
```

    
2. Install the missing assemblies into the global assembly cache manually. For more information, see [How to: Install an Assembly into the Global Assembly Cache](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=169102).
    
**Resolution: Update the STS certificate**

>  Confirm whether the STS certificate has expired by looking for Windows Application event log Event ID 8311 for source "SharePoint Foundation," category Topology, and with "NotTimeValid" in the message. This indicates an expired STS certificate. For assistance updating the STS certificate, please see [https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint/blob/live/SharePoint/SharePointServer/administration/replace-the-sts-certificate.md](Replace the STS certificate for SharePoint Server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Confirm whether the STS certificate has expired by looking for Windows Application event log Event ID 8311 for source "SharePoint Foundation", category Topology, and with "NotTimeValid" in the message. This indicates an expired STS certificate. For more information on updating the STS certificate, please see [https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint/blob/live/SharePoint/SharePointServer/administration/replace-the-sts-certificate.md](Replace the STS certificate for SharePoint Server).
```
